feat(payment): PAYPAL-3377 Add support of braintree.ach in payments API (#53)
bigcommerce/docs: docs/api-docs/payments/payments-api-overview.mdx

Use the active MSF-enabled store's control panel to enable charging stored credit cards. Navigate to **Settings ›  Setup > Payments** and click the tab for your payment gateway. Toggle the switch to enable Stored Credit Cards and click **Save**. For more on enabling stored payment methods, see [Enabling Stored Payment Methods](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Enabling-Stored-Credit-Cards).

### Using Braintree ACH stored bank accounts

> Additionally to previous prerequisites, in order to use Braintree ACH in payments API your store need to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the [prerequisites](/docs/store-operations/payments#prerequisites-for-charging-stored-payment-instruments) above, to use Braintree ACH in payments API, your store needs to:
```

> * have stored ACH accounts enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Have stored ACH accounts enabled.
```

> * contact support to enable this method in API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Have this method enabled in the API. (contact support)
```
